Switch Documentation (#953)
sl-design-system/components: website/src/categories/components/switch/usage.md

```html

> <sl-switch size="md" checked>switch text</sl-switch>

Reviewer: We should always start with a capital letter?

The switch provides a set of options, ensuring it's ready to adapt to your unique use cases.

<div class="ds-table-wrapper">
  
### Switch

|Item|Options|Description|
|-|-|-|
|Sizes|`sm` `md` `lg`|The switch come in three sizes: small, medium (default) and large. |

> |Orientation |`left` `right`|The switch has 2 different lay-out possibilities, providing flexibility to align with your design requirements.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Orientation |`left` `right`|The switch has 2 different lay-out possibilities relating to the positions of the label and switch relative to each other.|
```

> |Orientation |`left` `right` `vertical`|The switch has 3 different lay-out possibilities, providing flexibility to align with your design requirements.|

Reviewer 3: We no longer have the `vertical` orientation in the code, maybe it should be updated in Figma as well?

Author: will remove it here in the documentation and make an issue to remove it figma

The switch provides a set of options, ensuring it's ready to adapt to your unique use cases.

<div class="ds-table-wrapper">
  
### Switch

|Item|Options|Description|
|-|-|-|
|Sizes|`sm` `md` `lg`|The switch come in three sizes: small, medium (default) and large. |

> |Orientation |`left` `right` `vertical`|The switch has 3 different lay-out possibilities, providing flexibility to align with your design requirements.|

Author: We will add this later in the behavior part when finetuning the pages.
